But what you're then gonna need to do is
you're gonna need to build one banging
landing page that really kind
of sells the product well.
And this is where we come to really
a course that I ran on conversion
optimization that you can
find on Frontend Masters and
I'd encourage you to check that out and
go through that.
But I'll give you the highlights here just
to get you going with a basic landing
page that you can use to sell your product
that doesn't actually exist yet, right?
First of all,
you need your value proposition, okay?
You need a value proposition, that
basically is a strapline that summarizes
your application in a single sentence.
Some benefits, how does it help
people achieve their goals or
overcome their pain points, all right?
And it's features, right?
What are the features that you offer that
enable you to deliver the benefits that
you have listed, right?
So that's your value proposition.
So you'll need to bring some,
a list of features, a list of benefits and
a strapline.
In terms of your calls to action, we've
talked about calls to action already.
What your calls to action are,
you can have a primary call to
action like preorder today,
but it is okay if you want to also
have a secondary call to action of,
sign up to here when we first launch.
So you might wanna do that
with the pre-order, right?
So you can either pre-order or join our
mailing list, something like that, right?
But no more than two calls to action,
don't get sucked into, follow us on social
media and read our blog and 20 other
calls to action, right, keep it focused.
Then I'd encourage you to brainstorm
some objections of why someone might not
want to act, right?
So, ask yourself,
what concerns might people have?
What if they sell my email
list to a third party?
What if their application's rubbish?
What if they make it hard to unsubscribe?
What if they send me too many emails?
What if they pressured me into buying?
What if I get hacked,
all of that kind of thing.
Now, what you might wanna do
when it comes to objections.
So initially, before you create
the landing page, brainstorm a load.
But while your landing page is running,
okay, so you've got it up and running,
you are running your campaign.
Also consider an exit intent survey,
so basically a survey that only
appears as someone goes to
leave the landing page, right?
And there are loads of services out
there that will create these for you.
I think I use one called Getsitecontrol,
which is a silly name for
a pop up app, but anyway.
I see your ad, this only appears
if someone goes to exit, and
you basically say, if you decided not to
act today, it will be useful to know why.
And then you give them some multi-choice
answers as reasons, it's too expensive,
I didn't understand the value,
I didn't trust the company, whatever else.
And then another option, and that could be
a really useful way of learning whether
it's your pricing that's rubbish or
your call to action is not appropriate.
Or you've targeted it wrongly,
you're not explaining the benefits or
whatever else,
that is really useful to know.
So make sure that's on there as well.
Normally, if it was a full product, you'd
probably have some social proof on there.
Obviously most of this social proof that
you can't really do because you don't have
a real product yet, but what you might
wanna do is approach a few individuals
that are excited about the idea.
It's preferably influences in
the sector where you give them a little
demo of your prototype and ask if
they'd give you a little testimonial.
But if you can't get testimonials or
anything like that then don't
worry too much about social proof,
it's not the end of the world.
So once you've got your benefits,
you've got your features social proof,
if you can, then what you wanna
do start creating content blocks.
Every page on the web is basically
made up of a series of content blocks.
And so for each benefit, each feature,
each block has social proof you
wanna create a content block.
And the content block normally
consists of a supporting image,
although that's optional.
A heading,
a little short description, right,
and a link for more information.
And again, that one's optional cuz you've
only got landing page at the moment, so
you probably won't do a link, right?
So for example, Frontend Masters
might have a content block for
a benefit, the title read,
improve your career prospects, right?
And the description that says underneath,
something short,
only probably 150 characters, something
like that, kind of a tweet length.
That would say something like,
learn the latest development
techniques so
you can land that next job, right?
And in their case they can afford
to put link in that goes off
to more information cuz they've
got whole website we don't, right?
And you might wanna have
a supporting image with that,
you might not whatever it's appropriate,
okay?
You might also wanna then
scatter into that addressing
any objections that goes alongside that,
particular thing you're talking about.
So, improve your career prospects, despite
the current downturn in the industry,
having the latest skills
will secure your next job.
So I've acknowledged the objection there's
nothing good around in the industry at
the moment,
I'm not gonna get a job, right?
So I've dealt with
an objection in that as well.
This might feel quite intimidating
if you're not a developer, no,
if you are a developer because you're
not a writer, don't worry about it,
and I'll tell you why.
Just write any old rubbish, okay?
That deals with it, right?
So don't worry how bad your title is,
don't worry about how bad your
grammar is or how persuasive is or
anything like that,
cuz I have a magic tool for you right?
There is a great app called Hemingway,
right?
It's free to use the basic version,
I would highly recommend that just while
you're creating this landing page,
you pay the however, it's a minuscule
amount to get the AI features.
So by way of example, I have taken some
copy offer for the Frontend Master site.
And that copy is terrible, sorry, right?
So you can see it here,
this is the first piece of copy on
the homepage of the Frontend Master site.
It's reading level is postgraduate, right?
So it is really hard to read all of
the sentences, look how it's made all
the sentences red which basically
say these are bad sentences, right?
But if you put it into
Hemingway what you can do,
is you can go to their magic AI tool and
you can select Improve and clarify.
You can also select right at the bottom of
that list if you look under Tone be more
persuasive.
Or you could even select the make
skimmable where allowed headings and
bullets and bold and stuff, right?
So if I run that bit of copy
through we end up like this.
Now formatting-wise that might not
be great but at Frontend Masters
we offer courses taught by experts
from top companies such as Netflix.
We always update our curriculum
with the latest trends.
This ensures our learners learn
industry standard practices and
the latest techniques, and suddenly
the readability score of that is 8, right?
Rather than Post-graduate, which is 16.
So it's made it considerably easier to
read, easier to scan and I could also put
it through the persuasive thing if I
wanted to to give it a bit more punch.
So you don't need to be able to
write to create this landing page.
Obviously, a professional copywriter
would do an even better job, right?
I'm not in any way saying we don't need
copywriters anymore of course we do but
it's good enough for this test, okay?
So that make your life a lot easier.
And then it's just about
assembling your parts, right?
So you start off at the top of the page
with your summary, which is your
strapline and maybe a sentence or
two says a little bit about you.
Then I normally go straight
in with a call to action for
those people that just like to skim and
skip stuff.
Wherever I have a call to action,
if I've got any social proof,
I like to put that as close to
the call to action as possible.
Then we have a list of our benefits as
to how this is gonna change their lives.
Then I tend to repeat the call to
action again because you can never
have your call to action too many times.
Then I show them the features and
I end the page with a call to action,
it's as simple as that.
That is all you need to be
able to run this test, right?
If you're stuck on your strapline, right?
Take all of your benefits all of your
features that you've written, copy and
paste them into ChatGPT.
And say write me five straplines based
on this description of the product,
and then just pick the one you like best,
yeah.
>> You're using the word straplines, I'm
not really familiar with that, what is it?
>> Sorry, I thought that was
apparently it's a British peculiarity.
Just do it is Nike's useless one.
>> Taglines?
>> Taglines, that's what you call
them over here, then taglines, yeah.
But preferably one that's more
descriptive than that, right?
If you're if you're Nike or
you're McDonald's or whatever,
you can get away with these
aspirational feely kinda ones.
Your one basically needs to
say what it does on the tin.
It needs to say,
a task app for young mums, or
something like that,
something a lot more descriptive.
Because you want people
to look at the page and
know instantly what
the applications about.
To be honest,
when it comes to the aesthetic side
of things, look, do what you can, [LAUGH].
If you're a developer,
I'd encourage you just to go and
find maybe a template or
a design system or something that you
like the look of that you feel is
appropriate for that audience.
If you can afford to get a designer
to look at it, that's awesome too.
I'm not expecting the world
from that side of things.
We're only running at TED,
we'll do the best we can kind of thing.
So yeah, basically but what I would
encourage you to do is at least
before you start looking for
a template or something you can use.
Maybe have a little think about the kind
of words that you wanna communicate
through that.
That you want it to be trustworthy,
you want it to be friendly,
you want it to be positive, whatever.
So that when you search for
templates, you can use some of
those words to hopefully help
you find a relevant template.
So let's talk about, you can test your
landing page before Before you launch it.
If you want to,
you can do a 5-second test that,
I talk about all these tests in my,
user research and testing course.
Where you can just see whether people
spot the key elements on the page.
These are the same tests we were
talking about for the app itself,
we can now run those on the landing page.
We can run the first-click test,
we can run a short survey.
One thing you might wanna do is,
is eye-tracking simulation to make sure
people are seeing the right
things on the page.
So for example,
are they seeing the call to action,
are they reading the strapline,
that kind of stuff.
Now, eye-tracking simulation in case you
don't know basically takes thousands
of hours of eye-tracking, and it predicts
where someone will look on a page and
it costs like $19 for a month, right?
So you can imagine when you when
you're building your landing page,
you pay your $19 you run
it through this thing.
And what it will do is this basically,
so this is a random page on the website,
you upload this mock up to their website.
It analyzes it and
you get something like this back, right?
And as you can see the faces are pulling
attention there but people are still still
reading the main strapline and they're
paying attention to the text underneath.
They're not looking at the call to action
button, and that's a bit worrying, right?
So you'll get that kind of
feedback on your landing page and
help you to know whether or
not it's working reasonably well before
we start spending any money, yeah.
>> Yeah, you can actually put your
competitor's webpage through this and
then say, hey,
there's worse than weaknesses [LAUGH].
>> Yeah, absolutely,
it's worth doing and I do that.
When I do conversion rate optimization
work, I do that all the time.
In fact, I even run usability
testing on competitors websites,
because it's like a free prototype.